WOW!
Girl: ♪ I GOT THE BEAT ♪
♪ SO ALL THE KIDS DANCE
WITH ME, ME, ME, ME ♪
♪ PICK IT UP, TURN AROUND,
HERE COMES MIGHTY B, B, B, B ♪
[♪...]
♪ MIGHTY (LA, LA, HEY) ♪
♪ MIGHTY (LA, LA, WOW) ♪
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY,
MIGHTY B ♪
♪ I GOT THE BEAT SO ALL THE KIDS
DANCE WITH ME, ME, ME, ME ♪
♪ STICK 'EM UP ALL AROUND,
HERE COMES MIGHTY B, B, B, B ♪
[♪...]
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY,
MIGHTY B ♪
♪ MIGHTY, MIGHTY B. ♪
[MUSIC ENDS]
Captioning Provided By:
MTV NETWORKS
[♪...]
WHERE ARE THEY?
I HOPE THE PLANE DIDN'T
TAKE A WRONG TURN, MOM.
MOM, MAYBE WE SHOULD CALL
THE HONEYBEE EXCHANGE PROGRAM.
MOM, WHAT IF
OUR GUESTS ARE LOST?
HONEY, CALM DOWN, THEY SHOULD
BE HERE ANY MINUTE.
OOH, BUT I CAN'T STAND IT.
I CAN'T WAIT TO MEET
MY FOREIGN BEE-FRIEND.
BESSIE, I KEEP
TRYING TO TELL YOU.
SISSY'S FROM BOSTON.
THE EAST COAST
ISN'T ANOTHER COUNTRY.
DOES SHE SPEAK ENGLISH,
HAS SHE EVER WATCHED TV?
IS HER WINTER MY SUMMER,
DOES SHE WEAR PANTS?
[GASPS] WELCOME TO AMERICA,
SISSY SULLIVAN.
OH, LET ME TRY PIG-LATIN, RIGHT?
ELCOME-WAY OH-TAY AMERICA-HAY.
[LAUGHS] ANKS-THAY ESSIE-BAY,
YOU'RE A RIOT.
Both: ♪ SISTERHOOD, SISTERHOOD,
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING ♪
♪ WE'VE GOT THE HONEY
AND THE STING. ♪
[LAUGHS]
HEY, SOMEONE'S A WICKED
SHARP DRESSER.
AWESOME ACCENT.
EVERYTHING SOUNDS SO GLAMOROUS
WHEN YOU SAY IT.
[COUGHS]
AH, WELCOME TO
SAN FRANCISCO, COME ON IN.
I'M HILLARY HIGGENBOTTOM.
VIRGINIA SULLIVAN.
WOW, THIS ALL YOURS?
MUST BE NICE.
COME ON, I WANT TO
SHOW YOU MY HIVE.
YOU MEAN THE TWO-STORY,
ECHO-SUSTAINABLE,
SECRET HEADQUARTERS
I'VE BEEN HEARING ABOUT?
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
WE'RE SO EXCITED TO HAVE YOU
AND SISSY HERE, VIRGINIA.
CALL ME GINNY. [COUGHS]
SORRY, I GOT THAT JET LAG.
AH, THIS SHOULD HELP,
YERBA MATE?
I'M A WHAT-A?
YERBA MATE,
IT'S AN ARGENTINE TEA.
SOUNDS DIFFERENT. [CHUCKLES]
I THINK I'LL STICK TO
BLACK COFFEE,
IF IT'S ALL THE SAME.
I LIKE THAT JOLT.
I GOTTA TELL YA, YOUR JPEGS
DID NOT DO IT JUSTICE.
EVER CONSIDER SOLAR PANELING?
UM, NOT PRACTICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S FOGGY
273 OUT OF 365 DAYS A YEAR.
ALL YOU REALLY NEED IS
THREE GOOD DAYS OF SUN A MONTH.
THAT'S WHAT I DID WITH MINE.
WHOA... YOU'RE BLOWING
MY MIND RIGHT NOW.
HEY, WE COULD THROW A COUPLE
PANELS UP IN THIS THING
IN NO TIME, COME ON.
[♪...]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Bessie: WHOA, LOOK OUT.
[LAUGHING]
Bessie: THANKS, SIS',
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO
REACH THAT ROW FOREVER.
MY PLEASURE.
IT'S TRULY AWESOME.
I ORGANIZED IT USING
THE DEWEY DECIMAL SYSTEM.
IF IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR
THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR
BESSIE HIGGENBOTTOM.
YOU WANT TO SEE MINE?
DO I?
ALL YOUR BADGES FIT IN
YOUR SUITCASE?
YEAH, I WISH.
BUT I DO KIND OF
TAKE 'EM WHEREVER I GO.
PRETTY SWEET, HUH?
WOW.
YOU WENT DIGITAL.
Sissy: I CAN UPLOAD YOURS,
IF YOU WANT.
IT'S IMPORTANT TO CHANGE
WITH THE TIMES, YOU KNOW?
UH, I PREFER THE HUMAN TOUCH,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
IT'S GETTING LATE, UH,
LET'S MAKE UP YOUR TRUNDLE BED.
THERE WE GO.
JUST LET ME KNOW IF
YOU NEED ANYTHING AT ALL.
I'M ALL SET, HIL', GOOD NIGHT.
Hillary: SWEET DREAMS.
Ginny: OOH, HIL'.
IF IT'S NOT TOO MUCH TROUBLE,
I TAKE A GLASS OF WATER.
SURE THING.
Ginny: OOH, OOH, HIL', HIL'?
YOU KNOW WHAT, I WOULDN'T
MIND JUST A SLIVER OF
THAT CHOCOLATE CAKE.
YOU GOT IT.
Ginny: OOH, OOH, HIL'?
UH, AND JUST A HANDFUL OF
THAT CARAMEL CORN,
IF YOU HAVE IT.
ONLY IF YOU'RE GOING TO
THE KITCHEN.
TOO MUCH?
[WHISPERS]: Not at all.
Sissy: GOOD MORNING.
CINNAMON APPLE CONES
WITH CLOTTED CREAM?
WHAT, WAIT, WHAT TIME IS IT?
DID WE MISS THE MEETING?
NO, NO, NO, DON'T WORRY,
I'M JUST AN EARLY BIRD.
UH, I AM TOO.
NO ONE'S EVERY UP BEFORE ME.
SOMETIMES I DON'T EVEN SLEEP,
I GET UP SO EARLY.
YEAH, BUT I'M STILL
THREE HOURS AHEAD OF YOU.
HUH, THREE HOURS AHEAD OF ME?
YOU KNOW, EASTERN STANDARD TIME.
ANYWAYS, I MADE YOU
BREAKFAST IN BED
SO YOU COULD TAKE IT EASY.
ME? LAYS AROUND IN BED?
YEAH, RIGHT.
HOW 'BOUT I JUST GET DRESSED,
SO WE'RE EVEN?
I MEAN, IN SYNC.
47 SECONDS, NICE.
YES, NEW RECORD.
COME ON, SIS', I GOT
A BIG DAY PLANNED FOR US.
[♪...]
[BESSIE GRUNTS]
[SIZZLING]
AND THAT, DUDE,
IS HOW IT'S DONE, YOU TRY.
I DON'T KNOW, IT LOOKS HARD.
BUT MY SKIN COULD USE A DIP.
THAT'S THE SPIRIT, GO FOR IT.
[ROARS]
[♪...]
WOW, LOOK AT YOU.
BEGINNER'S LUCK.
YOU'RE A NATURAL, WOW.
IT'S JUST LIKE SNOWBOARDING.
Bessie: YOU GUYS PROBABLY DON'T
HAVE CHINESE FOOD IN BOSTON
BUT SAN FRANCISCO IS HOME TO ONE
OF THE LARGEST WESTERN CENTERS
OF CHINESE CULTURE IN THE...
IT'S OK TO ASK FOR A FORK.
IT TOOK YEARS OF TRAINING TO
REACH MY LEVEL OF PERFORMANCE.
WATCH THIS.
[LAUGHS]  DO JEH.
WOW, EXCELLENT PRONUNCIATION.
I TOOK A WEEKEND CLASS
AT HARVARD.
CANTONESE IS EXTREMELY
DIFFICULT TO LEARN.
THAT'S VERY IMPRESSIVE.
[SISSY SPEAKS IN CANTONESE]
[GROWLS]
[GASPS]
[CHUCKLES] BET YOU CAN'T
DO THAT TWICE.
[GASPS]
NOW SISSY,
STAY CLOSE TO ME.
SAN FRANCISCO
IS AN URBAN JUNGLE.
WHY DON'T WE JUST
CUT THROUGH THE PARK?
YOU KNOW, TAKE THE SCENIC ROUTE
PAST THE KOI POND.
HOW DID, UH...
I MEMORIZED THE MAP OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC MEMORY BADGE.
Bessie: YOU GUYS, THIS IS MY
BEE-MAIL BUDDY, SISSY SULLIVAN.
SHE'S FROM BOSTON
AND SHE'S STAYING WITH ME
FOR A WHOLE WEEK.
YEAH, HEY, WHAT'S UP?
SOCKS AND SANDALS.
WICKED CHIC.
HELLO, I LIKE SOMEBODY ALREADY.
OK, CHATTY PATTIES,
LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS.
ARE YOU INTO GELATO?
FIRST ITEM ON THE AGENDA,
TAFFY SALES.
I AM AT 178 FOR THE MONTH,
HOLD YOUR APPLAUSE.
ANYONE ELSE HIT TRIPLE DIGITS?
[LAUGHS] NO, NO, NO-NO.
I JUST MEANT PEOPLE
IN  THIS TROOP, SIS'.
[SCOFFS] SISSY'S
A HONEYBEE TOO, BESSIE.
I TOTALLY WANT TO
HEAR HER NUMBER.
OK, SURE... SISSY?
423.
OH...
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
SURE IS IMPRESSIVE.
THAT'S MY BUDDY.
[CLEARS THROAT] SHE'S THE BEST.
AT EVERYTHING.
OK, LET'S FILL OUT
OUR NEW ORDER, SHALL WE?
[WHISPERS]: 423?
[SCOFFS] Big deal, you can
top that, Higgenbottom.
No one moves inventory like you.
FIVE-ZERO-ZERO.
EASY-PEASY.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Man: HEY, TAFFY DELIVERY
FOR, UH, BESSIE HIGGENBOTTOM?
UH, SIGN HERE.
OH, THAT'S GOOD, I THOUGHT
500 WOULD BE WAY WORSE.
UH, THIS IS JUST
WHAT I COULD CARRY.
MAURICE, DROP THE LOAD.
UH, JUST A REMINDER,
NO RETURNS OR EXCHANGES
AND YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE FOR
FULL PAYMENT ON MONDAY, GOT IT?
HAVE A GOOD ONE.
[MUFFLED]: THANK YOU.
[SNORING]
[BUZZING]
EASTERN STANDARD TIME, MY FOOT.
[SNORING]
[GRUNTING]
SELL IT, SELL IT,
SELL IT, SELL IT.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
HELLO, SIR- OOPS, MA'AM.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO
BUY SOME TAFFY?
Woman: NO.
GOOD MORNING, YOU KNOW WHAT
COMPLETES A BALANCED BREAKFAST?
Woman: I'M DIETING.
HELLO, SIR, HAVE YOU EVER WISHED
THE CHANCE TO PURCHASE DELICIOUS
TAFFY WOULD COME TO YOU?
Man: NO.
Woman: NO.
Man: DO YOU SELL IT BY
THE HALF BOX?
Woman: I JUST LOST
MY TWO FRONT TEETH.
Sissy: HEY, THANKS FOR TAKING ME
OUT FOR ICE CREAM, PORTIA.
Portia: IT WAS GELATO,
AND YOU'RE TOTES WELCOME.
B., WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, YOU KNOW, SOAKING MY DOGS...
AFTER A  GREAT DAY
OF TAFFY SALES.
HOW MANY DID YOU SELL?
UH, HOW MANY DID I SELL,
GEEZ, IT'S HARD TO KEEP COUNT.
UM... 10... HUNDRED.
10-HUNDRED-THOUS... [GRUNTS]
SISSY, I'M IN DEEP.
I ORDERED 500 BOXES OF TAFFY
AND I CAN'T MOVE 'EM.
I HIT ALL MY OLD
SWEET SPOTS TODAY.
AND I ONLY SOLD
A LOUSY 33 BOXES.
MOM'S GONNA KILL ME
WHEN SHE GETS THE BILL.
UGH, YOU'RE TALKING TO
A DEAD BEE.
I'LL HELP YOU.
YOU WOULD DO THAT FOR ME?
OF COURSE.
HELP ME BEAT YOUR OWN RECORD?
"SISTERHOOD, SISTERHOOD, THE
MOST IMPORTANT THING," REMEMBER?
PICK YOURSELF UP, HIGGS,
WE GOT TAFFY TO SELL.
[♪...]
I GOTTA SAY,
THIS IS PRETTY HARD.
"HARD"?
[LAUGHS] THAT IS THE CUTEST
ACCENT I'VE EVER HEARD.
WHAT ARE YOU SELLING?
BOXES OF HONEYBEE TAFFY.
"BOXES"? [LAUGHS]
ADORABLE, I'LL TAKE NINE.
HEY, SAY "PARK THE CAR
IN HARVARD YARD" AND I'LL
TAKE A DOZEN.
[WITH BOSTON ACCENT]:
PARK THE CAR IN HARVARD YARD.
[LAUGHS] MAKE IT
TWO DOZEN, I'M HOOKED.
[GASPS]
STEP RIGHT UP, EVERYBODY.
HEAR THE EXOTIC
BOSTONIAN ACCENT.
STRAIGHT FROM A NATIVE.
COME ON, DON'T BE SHY, PEOPLE.
BAR HARBOR... FLOWERS...
CAR KEYS.
IF YOU LIKE J.F.K.,
YOU'LL LOVE SISSY SULLIVAN.
LOBSTER POT, UH, CHOWDER.
CAPE COD, CAROLINE.
MARTHA'S VINEYARD.
IS THAT A BIKER SHIRT
YOU'RE FOLDING?
YEP.
[SNIFFS] AHH, STILL
SMELLS LIKE DIESEL.
GET OUT OF HERE, YOU RIDE?
YOU BET YOUR HANDLEBARS.
OH, HAVE I GOT SOME STORIES.
[CHUCKLING]: WHO DOESN'T?
[COUGHING]
[GRUNTING]
HI, GIRLS, DID YOU
HAVE FUN TODAY?
ONE... LAST... BOX.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
TAFFY... BUY...
RIGHT ON, WE CAN ALL SHARE IT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY, GINNY?
MY TREAT.
ACTUALLY, UH, HIL', CAN YOU
SPOT ME A TENNER?
BESSIE, YOU'RE THE BEST
BEE-FRIEND A GIRL COULD
EVER HAVE.
AWW...
I LOVE YOU, SIS'.
BEE-MAIL ME WHEN YOU GET HOME.
WILL DO.
BUT MEANTIME,
HERE'S A LITTLE SOMETHING.
SO WHATEVER, I DID
THE CALLIGRAPHY MYSELF.
I MADE THE PAPER TOO,
YOU EVER DONE THAT?
WE GOT A BIRCH TREE OUT BACK
AND I JUST ADDED A LITTLE APPLE
ALL LET THE PULP SIT
FOR A FEW DAYS.
YOU KNOW, HANDWRITTEN
CORRESPONDENCE IS A LOST ART,
DON'T YOU THINK?
[♪...]
G'DAY, MATES.
LOOKING FOR ADVENTURE?
THEN HOP ON OVER
TO JUMP'N JOEY'S.
HOLD ON, THAT'S MY PLACE.
FOR PALS, PLAYTIME,
AND WHAT ELSE?
OUR WORLD-FAMOUS
PIZZA PADOODLES.
I'LL BE SEEING YOU REAL SOON.
[CHEERING]
[LAUGHTER AND CHEERING...]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
WHO WANTS THE LAST
PIZZA PADOODLE?
[SCREAMING]
YAY.
AH...
[EATING NOISILY]
[♪...]
[SCREAMING AND CHEERING]
OH, COME ON, PEN, IT'S JOEY.
CLICK.
G'DAY, MATES, I'M JOEY.
AND THIS IS ME BAND
OF MERRY MARSUPIALS.
ARE YOU READY FOR
A REAL SHOWSTOPPER?
HANG ON TO YOUR BOOMERANGS NOW,
FOLKS, 'CAUSE WE'RE OFF.
ONE-TWO-THREE-FOUR...
♪ WON'T YOU BE MY MATE? ♪
YEAH.
WHOO-HOO.
Joey: ♪ ...OH, YEAH,
IT'LL BE A RICH THOUGHT ♪
♪ OH, YEAH, YES, BE ME MATE ♪
♪ IT'LL BE REAL GREAT,
I THINK THAT YOU'RE A BEAUT ♪
ME? [GASPS]
♪ ...NOW IT'S TIME TO BOUNCE
AND I GOTTA SCOOT, OH, YEAH ♪
[SCREAMS]
WHOA...
[SCREAMING]
YEAH!
[STAMMERS AND GRUNTS]
OH, OUR FIRST CONCERT, PEN.
THAT WAS AWESOME.
THAT PANDA CAN REALLY PLAY.
AND HOW ABOUT
WHEN JOEY MOON-WALKED?
I LIKED THE PART WHERE
YOU SAY THE WORDS
BUT THEY COME OUT LIKE A SONG.
OH, YEAH, I MEAN, I LIKED
THE DANCING PART TOO.
OH, YEAH,
AND THE PANDA. [LAUGHS]
Bessie: "HIYA, MATE."
JOEY...
[LAUGHS] THIS IS FUN,
PENNY, RIGHT?
UM, BESSIE, JOEY AND I
ARE TRYING TO HAVE
A PRIVATE CONVERSATION, OK?
[LAUGHS]
"IT SURE IS NICE TO TALK TO
SOMEONE BESIDES ME BAND MATES.
IT GETS VERY LONELY
ON THE ROAD."
DON'T YOU EVER GET TO GO HOME?
"NO, MATE.
AND I'VE HAD IT,
NO FAMILY, NO MATES."
I'M YOUR MATE.
"YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE.
YOU GOTTA RESCUE ME FROM
THIS LONELY LIFE.
I WANNA ROMP IN THE OUTBACK...
BOUNCE IN THE BUSH...
HOP IN THE... HOPPY PARTS.
UM... ARGH, I MISS
ME HOME, MATEY."
POOR JOEY.
I'LL HELP YOU, I PROMISE.
[WHISPERS]: I'm gonna
bust you out.
[BESSIE LAUGHS] AH,
THAT'S ALWAYS FUN.
OUCH.
OH, UM, I MEANT, "LITTLE HARD,
MATE, LITTLE HARD."
LOOK, HAPPY, I PROMISE,
THE NEXT TIME THE BEES
TAKE A FIELD TRIP TO
THE SUBURBS, YOU CAN COME.
YOU KNOW, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THE CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO
DOESN'T HAVE A JUMP'N JOEY'S.
[LAUGHS] I THOUGHT THIS WAS
SUPPOSED TO BE A FOOD TOWN.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
HI, BESSIE.
PEN, JUST IN TIME
FOR THE EARLY BED SPECIAL,
YOU WANT A WAFFLE?
YES.
COULD HE HAVE ONE TOO?
HUH?
WHAT?
HOW YOU DOIN', MATE?
BESSIE, JOEY ASKED YOU
A QUESTION.
PENNY, UM, I, UM...
HOW TO PUT THIS.
YOU KNOW HE'S NOT...
REAL, RIGHT?
[GASPS]
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN
THE BATTERY PACK, THEN, HUH?
UH, OK, PEN...
YOU GOTTA LISTEN TO ME.
PEN, OVER HERE.
YOU GOTTA BRING JOEY
BACK TO THE RESTAURANT.
NO, BESSIE, HE DOESN'T WANT TO
GO BACK, AND I'M HIS MATE.
AND A GOOD MATE HELPS HIS MATE.
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE US,
WE'VE GOT TO BOUNCE.
[♪...]
HOW YOU DOIN', MATE?
FINE, JOEY, THANKS FOR ASKING.
[TROLLEY BELL DINGS]
REFILLS ARE ON THE HOUSE, MATE.
OH, JOEY, YOU'RE SO FUNNY.
SHH.
HOW YOU DOING, MATE?
ARE YOU READY FOR
A REAL SHOWSTOPPER?
♪ OH, WON'T YOU BE MY MATE? ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I THINK
YOU'RE AN ACE ♪
I THINK YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
QUIET, PUT YOUR EARS DOWN,
I CAN'T SEE.
♪ I THINK YOU'RE AN ACE ♪
♪ HAVING FUN IS THE... ♪
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
[GASPS] HEY, LOOK, FREE POPCORN.
THEY LOVE YOU, JOEY.
ENCORE, ENCORE. [LAUGHS]
Woman: In other news today
Someone has abducted
an animatronic kangaroo
that goes by the name of Joey.
[GASPS] PENNY.
Woman: Home of the world-famous
pizza padoodle
Where Joey, the face of
this beloved fun chain
has been missing since
yesterday afternoon.
Police were hot on the trail
but have now lost the scent
at the community pool.
Though the trail was a dead end
the police say this case
is alive and kicking.
They won't rest until they find
the low-down,
dirty kanga-napper.
And any accomplices.
[GASPS]
Woman: I'm Jai Gallagher,
and I know you know
I'll keep you in the know.
Crowd: WHERE'S JOEY,
WHERE'S JOEY, WHERE'S JOEY?
WHERE'S JOEY, WHERE'S JOEY,
WHERE'S JOEY?
[BESSIE GASPS]
[SNIFFING]
UH...
HEY, KID, YOU KNOW
WHERE JOEY IS?
[SCREAMS]
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MARSUPIAL?
UM, UH, NO, NO,
I'VE NEVER SEEN IT.
DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT IT, BYE.
PENNY, OPEN UP,
IT'S AN EMERGENCY,
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
S.O.S., S.O.S., S.O.S.
[GASPS] PENNY, WHAT?
WE WERE PLAYING PINEAPPLE.
YOU PLAYED PINEAPPLE...
WITH JOEY?
UNBELIEVABLE.
WERE YOU PLAYING BY
THE OLD RULES OR THE NEW RULES?
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO KNOW.
PINEAPPLE, WITHOUT ME,
[SCOFFS] THANKS A HEAP.
UH, UH...
Bessie: GAME OVER, PEN.
THE FUZZ ARE HOT ON OUR TRAIL,
YOU GOTTA GIVE UP JOEY.
NO, NO-NO-NO-NO.
NO, I PROMISED HIM.
I'M THE BEST FRIEND
HE'S EVER HAD.
HE TOLD YOU THAT?
WELL, HE ALWAYS SAYS,
"HOW'S IT GOING, MATE?"
EVEN IF WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT SOMETHING ELSE.
RE-RE-REFILLS ARE
ON THE HOUSE, MATE.
I THINK YOU'D BETTER GO, BESSIE.
JOEY'S GOING TO TEACH ME
HOW TO MAKE PADOODLES.
AND THERE'S ONLY ENOUGH DOUGH
FOR TWO.
[BESSIE SIGHS]
RIGHT CHOICE, RIGHT CHOICE,
RIGHT CHOICE, RIGHT CHOICE.
YOU CAN DO THIS, RIGHT CHOICE.
Woman: Missing Kanga-tip line.
Do you know where
Jump'n Joey is?
[SCREAMS]
Woman: Missing Kanga-tip line,
do you know where
Jump'n Joey is?
AUGH.
Woman: Missing Kanga-tip line.
[♪...]
I'M CRAZY FOR PADOODLES,
HOW 'BOUT YOU?
WELL, I LOVE THEM, OF COURSE.
OH, JOEY, WE HAVE
SO MUCH IN COMMON.
I'M CRAZY FOR PADOODLES,
HOW 'BOUT YOU?
I STILL LOVE THEM.
Woman: Missing Kanga-tip line,
do you know where
Jump'n Joey is?
UH... [STAMMERS]
Woman: Missing Kanga-tip line,
do you...
Woman: Missing Kanga...
I'M CRAZY FOR PADOODLES,
HOW 'BOUT YOU, HOW 'BOUT YOU,
HOW 'BOUT YOU?
I TOLD YOU, JOEY, I DO, I DO,
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?
[DISTORTED]: I'M CRAZY
FOR PADOODLES... 'BOUT YOU?
OK, JOEY, I GET IT.
PADOODLES ARE YOUR LIFE.
YOU MISS THE RESTAURANT,
DON'T YOU?
I'M CRAZY FOR PADOODLES...
'BOUT YOU, 'BOUT YOU, 'BOUT YOU?
Woman: Do you know where
Jump'n Joey is?
UH...
OOH, UH...
Penny: BESSIE, IT'S ME.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
BESSIE, I'M SORRY,
YOU WERE RIGHT.
JOEY WANTS TO GO HOME
BACK TO THE RESTAURANT.
YOU GOTTA HELP.
Woman: Missing Kanga-tip line,
do you know where...
WRONG NUMBER.
I KNOW OF ONLY ONE WAY
TO GET TO THE SUBURBS.
[SCREAMING]
Crowd: WHERE'S JOEY,
WHERE'S JOEY, WHERE'S JOEY...
HEY...
[SCREAMING...]
Crowd: WHERE'S JOEY,
WHERE'S JOEY...
HEY, EVERYONE, IT'S JOEY.
Bessie: WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
[HORNS BEEPING]
Joey: RE-RE-REFILLS
ARE ON THE HOUSE.
[SCREAMING]
[HORNS HONKING]
Bessie: ALMOST THERE.
HEY, WHERE YOU GOING?
Man: FREEDOM-LAND.
Penny: HEY, GET BACK HERE.
Bessie: HEY, HIPPIE,
GET BACK HERE.
[MONKEY CHATTERING IN DISTANCE]
YOU'RE HOME, LITTLE FELLOW,
HOP, HOP.
STOP, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
UGH, HE'S NOT REAL.
DEFINE "REAL."
HE'S GOT BATTERIES, DOESN'T HE?
[BESSIE GRUNTS]
BESSIE, LOOK.
EMERGENCY, EMERGENCY.
DON'T WORRY, PENNY.
I GOT THE "KITTY HAWK" BADGE
LAST SUMMER
SO I CAN PILOT THIS PUPPY,
NO PROBLEM.
[BOTH SCREAMING]
OH, OK, WHAT DOES THIS,
WHAT DOES THIS DO?
UH, MAYBE IF I PULL THIS UP,
THAT'S A PROBLEM.
I KNOW THIS IS THE BASKET.
EVERYONE SING ALONG NOW...
[BESSIE AND PENNY SCREAM]
G'DAY.
[VIDEO GAME NOISES
BLIP IN BACKGROUND]
WELL...
I'M GONNA LET YOU TWO
SAY GOOD-BYE.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT
THE LAST FEW DAYS WITH YOU
HAVE BEEN THE "FUNNEST" WEEKS
OF MY WHOLE LIFE.
EAT AN EXTRA PADOODLE
FOR ME, OK?
I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU, JOEY.
ME TOO, PENNY.
IT WAS THE BEST TIME OF ME LIFE.
[♪...]
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]